hey guys today we're going to look at
the effects of me harmonica on our
rabbits Penelope is the more calmer of
the tube let's see how she reacts to or
Monica music uh basically she doesn't
really care she's just looking for a
treat she seems inquisitive yeah she
thinks it might be a treat that's my
perspective okay what I don't know what
you all right you get there and I wall
ooh she's like where are you going and I
am trying to not use my bunny voice in
the videos anymore I think it's not wish
to I have not gotten any negative
feedback but I can't feel people like it
normal voice people normal voice okay
yep uh as you can see two already looks
a little tense and she's already thumped
apparently from
Monica music over there I'm a little
afraid she might knock over a water what
she's done shoot I'm so sorry about all
the shakiness of the video people we're
just gonna do a sleep oh gee she's
already thought she was already thumping
she's heard the hard music whole way
over there we're just gonna give a small
small low thing I zoomed in okay well
yeah you may look at the hole okay
oh that was a really really really big
thump
oh all right and Penelope still just
sitting there huh and we don't know if
it maybe it hurts to love ears or
something but if you know something
about bunnies and harmonica music and
this whole little thumping thing leave
me a comment cuz hey we did not know
what to do with this one all right we'll
see you later